Update documentation screenshots (#1116)
conveyal/analysis-ui: docs/analysis/configuration.md

  <figcaption>The analysis settings pane</figcaption>
</figure>

## Travel time and variability

> The travel **time cutoff** is the maximum time accepted for a selected portion of trips. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Travel time cutoff** sets the maximum door-to-door travel time for the :term:`isochrone` on the map and accessibility indicators.
```

> The **Travel time percentile** controls what portion of trips must be at or below this threshold. In single-point analyses the travel time percentile is rounded to one of five pre-defined values (5, 25, 50, 75, and 95). For more information, see [methodology](methodology.html#time-percentile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There may be variability in travel times, depending on when exactly in a specified time window someone starts their trip. The **Travel time percentile** sets which percentile of the distribution of total travel times to use. Low percentiles correspond to travelers having the information and flexibility to start trips at times that minimize their overall travel time. For more information, see [methodology](methodology.html#time-percentile). In single-point analyses the travel time percentile is rounded to one of five pre-defined values (5, 25, 50, 75, and 95).
```

## Bookmarks

The first panel allows the creation and use of **bookmarks**, which store particular analysis settings (e.g. origin location, type of opportunity, departure date and time, travel time cutoff, etc.). Once you have the settings the way you want to save them, you can click the grean *Create* button to create a new bookmark. Once created, you can select a bookmark from the dropdown box to automatically fill in all of the settings saved in that bookmark. Bookmarks are shared by all projects in a region.

## Access, transit, and egress modes

The three mode settings control what transport modes can be used for travel on the network. Routing can be done using multiple modes, either with or without transit. 

> The **access mode** controls what mode may be used for the first or only leg of a journey. If any transit modes are enabled, this determines the mode used to access transit from the starting point, or to access the destination directly if that is more efficient than using transit for some part of the journey.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **access/direct mode** controls what mode may be used for the first or only leg of a journey. If any transit modes are enabled, the selected access mode will be used (up to a maximum time, as described below) to travel from the origin to nearby transit stops, or to access the destination directly if that is faster than using transit. If no transit modes are enabled, the selected mode will be used to travel directly to destinations.
```

.. note::
   Traffic congestion is not taken into account in driving time estimates, though this may be a feature of a future release when more detailed datasets are available.

If one or more of the **transit modes** are enabled, the router will consider journeys using the selected transit modes and will add the option of an egress mode. The default is to use all transit modes, though you may change this for example to examine only a subcomponent of your transit network or to model strong user preferences regarding mode. 

With transit enabled, you will also have to select an **egress mode**, which controls the mode used on the final leg or "last mile" of the trip involving transit. 
The default egress mode is walking and cycling egress modes may require some extra initial computation time; contact your support team if you need assistance.

Modes can be combined in many different ways, for example:

> * `drive` -> `commuter rail` -> `walk` could be used to simulate suburban park-and-ride commute patterns or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `drive` -> `commuter rail` -> `walk` could be used to simulate suburban drop-off to downtown commute patterns or
```

Don't want to highlight park-and-ride until it's documented more clearly (which I think @abyrd is working on)

If your scenario does not include frequency-based routes there is no need to simulate schedules so the requested number of simulated schedules is ignored. In other words, when departure times are explicitly specified for all trips in a scenario, only that single fully specified set of exact departure/arrival times needs to be tested, which speeds computation and eliminates random noise from sampling.

## Routing engine

> You will also need to select a **Routing engine** version, which defaults to the highest available version of [Conveyal R5](https://github.com/conveyal/r5). There may be small differences in the results generated by different versions but these should be minimal. When conducting a regional analysis, you'll receive a warning if comparing results from two different versions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Routing engine** version will default to the highest available version of [Conveyal R5](https://github.com/conveyal/r5), or to the version previously used for the selected project. If you use a routing engine version with the first or second number of the version changed, there may be changes to the algorithm that affect results. Previous versions used for regional analysis in a given region will be available in this drop-down menu. You can change versions manually by typing any supported release version (e.g. "v4.8.0") in the routing engine field.
```

Maybe move this to the regional analysis docs:
> When comparing regional analyses run with different routing engine versions, a warning will be displayed.
